Bonus Lecture

AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Practice Exams

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate


https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Keep on learning:

Get emails for new courses and discounts: click here to subscribe!
Use the coupon APR_23_GET_STARTED for special discounts on all my courses (included in the links below)
All my courses:

AWS Certifications
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Ultimate AWS Certified Developer Associate
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-developer-associate-dva-c01/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Developer Associate Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-developer-associate-practice-tests-dva-c01/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified SysOps Administrator Associate
https://www.udemy.com/course/ultimate-aws-certified-sysops-administrator-associate/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified SysOps Administrator Associate Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-sysops-administrator-associate/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-solutions-architect-professional/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-professional/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified DevOps Engineer Professional - Hands On!
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-devops-engineer-professional-hands-on/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified DevOps Engineer Professional Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-devops-engineer-professional-practice-exam-dop/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Data Analytics Specialty
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-data-analytics/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Data Analytics Specialty Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-data-analytics-specialty/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Machine Learning Specialty - Hands On!
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-machine-learning/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Database Specialty
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-database-specialty-dbs/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Database Specialty Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-database-specialty/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Advanced Networking Specialty
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-advanced-networking-specialty-ans/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Advanced Networking Specialty Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exam-aws-certified-advanced-networking-specialty/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Security Specialty
https://www.udemy.com/course/ultimate-aws-certified-security-specialty/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Certified Security Specialty Practice Exams
https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-security-specialty/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Apache Kafka Series
Kafka for Beginners v2
https://www.udemy.com/course/apache-kafka/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Kafka Connect
https://www.udemy.com/course/kafka-connect/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Kafka Streams for Data Processing
https://www.udemy.com/course/kafka-streams/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

KSQL Hands On!
https://www.udemy.com/course/kafka-ksql/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Kafka Setup and Administration
https://www.udemy.com/course/kafka-cluster-setup/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Confluent Schema Registry & Kafka REST Proxy
https://www.udemy.com/course/confluent-schema-registry/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Kafka Security
https://www.udemy.com/course/apache-kafka-security/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Kafka Monitoring and Operations
https://www.udemy.com/course/kafka-monitoring-and-operations/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

Confluent Certified Developer for Apache Kafka (CCDAK) - Practice Tests
https://www.udemy.com/course/confluent-certified-developer-for-apache-kafka/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED

AWS Master Classes
AWS CloudFormation MasterClass
https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-cloudformation-master-class/?couponCode=APR_23_GET_STARTED


